Add documentation for checkout flow and payment method integrations (#2246)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/extensibility/checkout-flow-and-events.md

# Checkout Block Flow

> In this document, I'm going to give an overview of the flow for the checkout in the WooCommerce checkout block and some general architectural overviews.

Reviewer: Let's avoid 1st person narrative.

> In this document, I'm going to give an overview of the flow for the checkout in the WooCommerce checkout block and some general architectural overviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document gives an overview of the flow for the checkout in the WooCommerce checkout block, and some general architectural overviews.
```

**isProcessing**: When the checkout status is `PROCESSING` this flag is true. Checkout will be this status when all the observers on the event emitted with the `BEFORE_PROCESSING` status are completed without error. It is during this status that the block will be sending a request to the server on the checkout endpoint for processing the order. **Note:** there are some checkout payment status changes that happen during this state as well (outlined in the `PaymentProvider` exposed statuses section).

**isAfterProcessing**: When the checkout status is `AFTER_PROCESSING` this flag is true. Checkout will have this status after the the block receives the response from the server side processing request.

**isComplete**: When the checkout status is `COMPLETE` this flag is true. Checkout will have this status after all observers on the events emitted during the `AFTER_PROCESSING` status are completed successfully. When checkout is at this status, the shopper's browser will be redirected to the value of `redirectUrl` at that point (usually the `order-received` route).

> Special states:

Reviewer: heading?
